NARRATOR During their journey
across the Kalos region
our heroes visited
the Muraille Coast
before Ash's battle against
Grant at the Cyllage City Gym.
There was more training to come
but first,
time for a delicious lunch.
That was great. Thanks.
Now time to train!
Let's do some more work on
Quick Attack and Double Team
so we can be ready
for Grant's Rock Tomb!
[AGREEMENT]
Before that, why don't we
have a little fun with this?
ASH
'Huh?'
'That's one of the rods
we got at Ambrette Aquarium.'
Yup! We are at the beach.
Too much training
will only stress you out!
She's right.
And maybe you'll catch a really,
really cute Pokémon!
Right, like with that Corsola!
You already have a Froakie, Ash
but if you catch
another Water type
you'll probably have
a much easier time
when you go up against Grant,
who uses Rock types!
Now you're talking! Great!
What do you say we get our rod?
[AGREEMENT]
Can't wait to see
what Pokémon I'll catch.
I'm sure it'll be great!
Huh? I got a bite!
[EXCITED]
Man, this thing's pretty strong!
‐ Ah!
‐ Oh, goody, goody!
What could it be? Corsola,
s Clamperl or a Wailord?
[grunting] I'm gonna catch it
no matter what! Ah!
[grunts]
Ah!
‐ Whoa!
‐ Look at that!
Huh?
Too bad.
It's just a bunch of kelp.
Not true.
He really caught something.
Huh? Uh!
[EXERTION]
[screaming]
♪ You're just a kid on a quest
to be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know
you're up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a hero be a hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world
is in your hand ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
AN UNDERSEA PLACE TO CALL HOME!
[screaming]
Ah! That hurt's, man!
I didn't know
you were a Pokémon!
‐ Hey, it's hurt!
‐ Huh?
Wait, I've got a bandage.
Um, there.
It'll be fine now.
[giggling]
‐ Whoa!
‐ Huh? Huh?
[CONFUSED]
Skrelp, the Mock Kelp Pokémon.
'Skrelp camouflages itself
as rotten kelp'
'while it stores up energy
until it's able to evolve.'
Huh? I've never seen
a Skrelp before.
[ANGRY]
[all screaming]
Why is it so mad?
Maybe it thinks
we're its enemies.
‐ We're not!
‐ Pikachu, wait.
[DETERMINED]
[PAINED]
‐ Ah!
‐ Pikachu, no!
Pikachu, are you okay?
[UPSET]
‐ Pikachu!
‐ He needs to get help!
‐ The Pokémon Center, now!
‐ Right!
Hi. Is something wrong?
My Pikachu was attacked
and got hurt!
Huh? It looks like
it's been badly poisoned.
Ah, your Pikachu needs
to be treated right now!
'There should be an antidote
in the first‐aid kit.'
'That should do it.'
[RELIEVED]/[EXCITED]
Pikachu!
[EXCITED]
You're alright.
‐ Thank you so much!
‐ I'm glad we were able to help.
Hi, my name is Ash.
You already met
my partner, Pikachu.
[EXCITED]
Hi there. I'm Serena.
My name's Bonnie.
This is Dedenne!
That's my brother.
Hi! My name's Clemont.
My name's Eddy.
‐ And this is my wife.
‐ I'm Lindsey.
Nice to meet you. Eddy and I
are underwater archeologists.
Wow! Underwater archeologists!
So are you exploring
these waters?
Yes. We'll be diving out
in that area today.
[all gasp]
PIKACHU
[CURIOUS]
EDDY 'Apparently there's a
sunken ship called the Cussler'
'somewhere in the vicinity.'
‐ Ah!
‐ That sounds familiar.
Didn't the Cussler crash
into an iceberg long ago?
That's right.
The Cussler was a luxury liner.
[intense music]
CLEMONT Wait, I thought
the Cussler sank
way, way out into the ocean.
So why would it be
all the way over here
near the Muraille Coast?
‐ Probably due to the currents.
‐ The currents?
Several ocean currents are known
to intersect right here
on the Muraille Coast.
It creates a very complex
current system.
LINDSEY We believe that a
current carried the Cussler
all the way here
to the Muraille Coast.
Ah!
LINDSEY
'Our present research'
'has one goal'
to find the Cussler
and identify the current
that brought it here.
It's promising to be
a very busy day today!
Ocean exploration's so cool!
It sounds fun!
Is there any chance
that we could go along with you?
We'll help you with anything!
With my invention expertise,
I'm certain I can help.
‐ Um? Hm.
Alright. You'd be a big help!
We're actually
a bit short‐handed.
But you need to remember that
it might be dangerous out there.
So you'll have to listen to us.
Is that a deal?
CLEMONT/BONNIE/SERENA/ASH
Deal!
The Cussler, eh?
The luxury liner that sank
while carrying
priceless treasures onboard.
If we can get our paws
on that boat booty
we'll never have to balance
our checkbook again!
[giggles]
Just imagine it,
we'll be awash in wealth!
‐ Let's claim ours today!
‐ Yay!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[all gasping]
Those complex currents are
creating those giant whirlpools.
Lindsey, it's almost time.
Alright. Everyone watch closely.
‐ Got ya!
‐ Huh?
‐ Oh, look at that!
‐ The whirlpools!
They're gone!
[CURIOUS]
EDDY
'The intersecting currents'
'that create those whirlpools'
'change regularly.'
As usual,
they're right on schedule.
You shouldn't be seeing them
for a while now.
'Alright, we're here.
Let's get ready to dive!'
Wow! Are you gonna dive down
in this submarine?
‐ That's correct.
‐ Hey, can we all go with you?
Huh?
That'd be awesome!
‐ It'd be so much fun!
‐ Huh?
Um, well,
our submarine's not very large
and there's only room for two
other people to get inside.
‐ Aww.
‐ No problem!
I know how we can decide who
gets to go, fair and square!
[chuckles]
The future is now,
thanks to science!
'Clemontic Gear on!'
'I call it my No‐Hard‐Feelings
Fair‐And‐Square‐Lottery Device.'
ASH
'Science is so amazing!'
Choose left or right,
and my lottery device
will take the guesswork out of
who goes and decide it for you!
‐ Cool! So I'll choose left!
‐ I'll choose left, too!
In that case,
I'm going to pick right!
Okay, then I'll go
with my brother!
CLEMONT
'Lottery, go!'
ASH
'Come on! Don't lose!'
‐ Go!
‐ Go! Go!
‐ Come on! Go!
‐ 'Go!'
‐ Yeah, we won!
‐ Alright, we won!
Aww. And we lost.
I was counting on you!
CLEMONT 'Well, science
determined our fate,
fair and square.'
'So no hard feelings.'
‐ Alright, off we go!
‐ Good luck. You'll do great.
‐ Be careful!
‐ Hm.
[EXCITED]
‐ Have fun, guys!
‐ Take care of yourself!
This is Lindsey.
Eddy, do you copy?
Affirmative.
You're loud and clear.
And the video is clear, too.
Great.
Continuing to our destination.
[gasps]
I can't believe
all the Qwilfish.
There's a bunch
of Octillery over here.
[EXCITED]
SERENA 'Wow! Look at all
the Water‐type Pokémon.'
'This is so totally amazing!'
We're down really deep.
We'll soon see
the bottom of the ocean.
‐ Huh? Is that the same Skrelp?
‐ I think you're right.
ASH
'Look! The bandage!'
I'm so glad
it found its friends.
Yeah.
[screaming]
Lindsey, what's going on?
We're being swept along
by the current!
Uh‐oh. Hold on tight!
[screaming]
EDDY
'So it is there!'
Our theory about the current
is proving to be correct!
[gasps]
Lindsey, look out!
‐ It's so close!
‐ Don't worry!
I'll handle things.
Oh! We're alright.
Good thing. Hey,
look at that group of Skrelp!
SERENA 'They're following
the sunken ship!'
[gasps]
Alright. Hang on!
ASH/SERENA
'Right!'
‐ Oh, wow!
I see it.
EDDY
The Milotic emblem!
There's no doubt
that liner is the Cussler.
LINDSEY
'Right!'
[giggling]
Wow, what a discovery!
We're now witnessing
history in the making
right before our very eyes!
Who's that Pokémon?
Dragalge. The Mock Kelp Pokémon
and the evolved form of Skrelp.
'Dragalge look very much
like drifting kelp'
'when they are swimming
with the current.'
[EXERTION]
Huh? What are
those two up to?
'Are they fusing
the ships together?'
[EXERTION]
SERENA
'It's a group of Luvdisc!'
Look! Remoraid and Chinchou
are coming out, too!
[EXCITED]
[EXERTION]
EDDY
'Amazing, isn't it?'
The current carries sunken ships
from faraway oceans.
Once they get here,
the Dragalge fuse them together
using acid to create
one gigantic structure.
Then all the Pokémon
are able to use
that structure as their home!
That's right.
They live together
like one happy family!
[CURIOUS]
SERENA 'They all get along so
well, don't they?'
They really like hanging out!
[AGREEMENT]
Wow. It's like
a Pokémon paradise.
Wonderful!
Huh! What's that?
‐ Huh?
[WORRIED]
LINDSEY
'Light!'
SERENA
'What's it from?'
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Skrelp.
[EXERTION]
EDDY
'What is it, Lindsey?'
I need to investigate a strange
light coming from the Cussler.
EDDY
'Right. Be careful.'
Ah! It's Team Rocket's
submarine!
Team Rocket?
They're bad guys who steal
other people's Pokémon!
So what is Team Rocket
doing there?
They just went inside
the old ship!
I think we should follow them.
LINDSEY
'Right.'
Gettin' in was easy peasy.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Now to locate the treasure.
The treasure is in a safe
just up ahead.
All valuables
were stored in there.
Not for long.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[EXERTION]
Uh! They're not here.
Which way did they go?
[WORRIED]
‐ Huh?
‐ Is something wrong?
Skrelp and Dragalge!
[screaming]
Stop it!
We're on your side. Promise!
[AGREEMENT]
[EXERTION]
Hey, thanks, Skrelp.
They're showing us
which way to go!
Pick, pick here,
pick, pick there.
I'm done first!
‐ Well, so are we.
‐ Wow!
On the other side
of this door..
A treasure trove
of treasure awaits!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
‐ Ah! Hey!
‐ What was that?
SKRELP
[EXERTION]
Oh. It's a Skrelp.
It's telling us
to scram out of its digs
or we're gonna pay!
Hah! You're confused.
We're going to get paid!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Stop right there!
We caught you guys red‐handed!
What is the meaning of you
breaking into this ship?
Prepare for trouble,
the meaning is clear.
But it isn't something
you'll want to hear.
To protect the world
from devastation.
To unite all people
within our nation.
To denounce the evils
of truth and love.
To extend our reach
to the stars above!
‐ Jessie.
‐ And James.
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light.
Surrender now or prepare
for one Wailord‐sized fight!
Meowth, that's right!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
JAMES 'If you had half a brain
between you'
'you'd know we're here
for sunken treasure!'
We're gonna balance
our checkbook
on the back of the beautiful
bounty on this boat!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Sunken treasure?
How do you think you're gonna
get away with that?
You're so dense.
Watch and learn.
MEOWTH 'The latest
in bank robberosity!'
In mere moments
this safe is going to blast off.
And that blast off
will be a good thing!
‐ Ah!
[all coughing]
‐ Where are you going?
‐ Come back!
No! It's dangerous!
Froakie, come out
and follow Skrelp!
[APPEARING]
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[WORRIED]
Hope they'll be alright.
‐ We've got to leave!
‐ Huh?
If that explosion
opens up a hole
water will flood
the whole area!
Hurry!
PIKACHU
[WORRIED]
[rumbling]
‐ One treasure, coming up.
‐ Yes. Let's reel her in!
‐ Ah? Not you!
‐ Not you who?
[screaming]
[EXERTION]
Yet another eyesore!
You're blocking my view!
'Off, off, off, off,
off, off, off, off!'
The Cussler is filling
with water.
The entire structure is starting
to become unbalanced.
I'm afraid
that it's going to collapse.
No!
We've got to do something
to keep that from happening!
[AGREEMENT]
Everyone, we need your help!
[EXERTION]
[PAINED]
JAMES
'The safe is safe!'
‐ 'Surface, stat!'
‐ 'Aye, aye!'
[WORRIED]
[EXERTION]
‐ Awesome!
‐ Yeah! Hope they keep it up!
Just a little more.
[EXERTION]
ASH 'Lindsey, use that plate
to seal the hole.'
LINDSEY
'Got it!'
ASH
'Now, Dragalge, use Acid!'
[ACID MOVE]
Great, that should prevent
anymore water
from flooding the ship.
The structure should
stop collapsing, too.
‐ Alright!
[EXCITED]
EDDY
'Great job.'
‐ 'That was a tough one.'
‐ Eddy!
But you're all safe and sound.
And that's what matters
to me the most.
'It's time. The whirlpools
are going to appear again soon.'
LINDSEY
'Right!'
Success!
Have treasure, will travel!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Yeah, now we'll have
balanced books
'and be off those tenterhooks!'
[EXERTION]
Hm! Huh? Uh,
is something swirling out there?
‐ Huh?
‐ Eh?
‐ Over there, too!
‐ Uh‐oh.
JESSIE
'There's another one! Ah!'
[all screaming]
JESSIE 'We're spinning
faster and faster!'
MEOWTH 'I'm getting
dizzier and dizzier!'
[screaming]
JESSIE
'We dropped the safe!'
‐ Butterfingers!
‐ The scent of regret lingers.
TEAM ROCKET
We're blasting off again!
WOBBUFFET
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Uh, where are
Skrelp and Froakie?
[WORRIED]
Oh, no!
Even Water types
can't withstand a whirlpool.
Now what?
Froakie, you've got to jump!
[WORRIED]
[EXERTION]
Now, Froakie, big jump!
Ah..
[giggles]
Froakie.
[HAPPY]
‐ Great!
‐ They did it!
[EXCITED]
‐ Hm.
‐ Thank goodness!
Perfect!
Froakie, you were awesome!
Skrelp, you were awesome, too!
[EXCITED]
[HAPPY]
ASH
Bye, Skrelp! Bye, Dragalge!
SERENA
Take care of your home!
And all of those friends
of yours!
PIKACHU
[EXCITED]
[AGREEMENT]
‐ Take good care, Skrelp.
‐ Hope we see you again!
[AGREEMENT]
Happily we were able
to figure out
which current
brought the Cussler
and successfully pinpoint
its location, too.
What surprised me the most
was seeing all those Pokémon
living together.
That was some discovery.
And Skrelp's okay,
thanks to your jump!
You're such a cool Pokémon!
[AGREEMENT]
The height of that jump
was just incredible!
Wow! You should be
really proud of yourself!
That was some jump.
[AGREEMENT]
Hey, maybe we could use that
in our Gym battle against Grant.
That's it! Of course we can!
[HAPPY]
NARRATOR And so Froakie's
brilliance rescued Skrelp
from the whirlpool
and also gave Ash an idea
for his battle
at the Cyllage City Gym
the next stop
on our heroes' journey!
[theme music]